Yeah. Okay, so this is a little bit of a story. So I took a class in my
second semester. Freshman year of college, in linguistics on I love
languages. I love Entomology. Where the words come from, how did they
change? Um and so I took this linguistics class and I had this brilliant,
brilliant teacher. She was so amazing. She was so engaging
on. That was when I changed my major in my mind, um, to be foreign
language, and I was going to just major in languages and be a translator
for the U. N. Um, I love that class so much. It was like some ungodly
hour like, eight o'clock in the morning. And I actually went
every single time. I never missed a class because I was just so into
the material. But she had a requirement, which was that you had thio.
We had We had all these homework assignments in addition to, like,
exams and stuff like that. And at the time, you know, my thinking
was, well, home workers for people who need it. Obviously I don't because
I clearly have this material down. I love it. I understand it.
I literally got the highest grade on every single one of her exams.
So, you know, obviously didn't need to do the homework. And so imagine
my surprise. At the end of the semester when she failed me, I was
stunned. I literally thought it was a mistake. I never would have
approached a teacher to argue a grade, but I honestly thought this was
clearly a clerical error. She had assigned me the wrong grade, so
I met with her and I was like, Yeah, you know, I I understand. You're
busy and you have a lot of things. I'm totally get it. And she's
like, Oh, no, I remember this. She's like it broke my heart because
you were an amazing student. You were there every class. You did really
well on the exam. But this was a requirement of the class, which
I made very clear, and you didn't do it. And so you fail. So that was
a hard pill to swallow. And so I ended up applying for course forgiveness
and taking the class again the following semester so that I
could just replace that f with whatever you're in the next semester.
Onley next semester, I got this other professor who was awful horrible.
The whole class was different. It was terrible. And it was so
bad, mainly because I knew how good it could have been because I had
had that experience and it was awesome. And this was just the worst.
And I hated it. I hated every second of it. I didn't like him as a
professor on. I just had to suffer through it because of my own terrible
decisions.